+++
type = "learning-path"
title = "Detecting, Investigating and Tracking Malicious Infrastructure"
description = "Phishing messages are usually tied to malicious infrastructure that either seeks to capture login credentials and use them to access an organization’s or individual's systems, or otherwise seeks to deliver a socially-engineered compromise such as a browser or device exploit. They are one of the most common techniques used by malicious actors who aim to compromise NGOs. Very often, an NGO that receives such a message might find it difficult to tell with certainty whether it was suspicious, much less what the identity and goal of the attacker were. Checking with the presumed sender through another channel might be the easiest way to verify whether a message was legitimate. If the sender cannot be contacted or if the message was not legitimate, it might be important to analyze it in more depth. This could allow us to stop such attacks before they compromise an NGO’s systems, prevent them from doing so in the future, and alert others within the community to such attackers and their tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs). The results of such investigations are then often shared, either through formal reports or networks, or informal discussions between NGO security professionals. There have been several cases in which NGOs conducted excellent investigations of malicious infrastructure. These include a joint effort between Bellingcat and several private sector groups investigating phishing attacks against organizations focusing on Russia-related affairs, as well as an HRW-Amnesty project which tracked down phishing attempts attributed to the Iranian government."
weight = 1
thumbnail = "1"
icon = "forensics-fanatic"
badge = "Forensics Fanatic"
categories = ['design','research','presentation']
+++